the baker must have a low iq
this bakery must have one star
my grandmother didn't give her life in a world war for the quality of this cake
I wish I was never born after eating this cake
my mom said I wasn't allowed to write a review because of what I had to say
my dad hits me with cake
this cake doesn't make me feel like the world is progressing
I have diabetes
it's fruitcake enough said
there were carrots on my cake
Ive had way better cake than this chocolate cake
Your strawberry cake sucks worse than your chocolate cake
Your vanilla cake tastes so gross
What is this filth
I hate this sweet mess more than my ex wife
Id rather clean my toilet with my own toothbrush the brush my teeth then to ever eat this again
Please kill me before I have to eat your nasty cake
I do not like this not one bit
This chocolate cake makes me want to vomit
That made me so sick Ive been in bed all day does anyone want to eat my cake i can pay them seriously i dont want to eat it but don't want it to go to waste
this is a great disappointment just like me according to my father
boooooooooo
booo
I strip this cake of its title of cake it is a shame to all other cake
I thought this cake was bad
how is this bakery still in business
where did this baker learn to cook
this is my last will and testament I leave everything do the dog because my dog didn't tell me to come here
this cake is just like mom used to make I always hated it
I have eaten many bad cakes in my life but this one is by far the worst
This cake is so bad that it made me never want to eat cake again
When you eat such a bad cake as this it really puts your life in perspective
The cake sucks don't eat it
I took the hit for you guys so take my advice and avoid this cake
If you have any happiness left in your life I would recommend avoiding this cake
My tongue will never be the same after allowing that travesty of a cake to come in contact with it
Were there the option of going back in time to stop myself from eating the cake I would do it in a heartbeat
His cake not only tasted bad but it also gave me food poisoning
The cake at this shop should never have been made
I swear these people have no idea what good cuisine is trust me I work at a four star restaurant
Their banana nut bread tasted dry I needed three glasses of milk after I ate it
The deserts here are way overpriced there's no way I'm paying that much for a pastry
The eclairs were bad and so was the service
I ordered a graduation cake and it looked nothing like the picture on the website
Each time I am forced to go here I die a little inside
I would give this establishment negative stars if I could
I don't see what all of the hype is about
This place used to be really good but its quality has declined over the years
They messed up my cake but refused to give a refund if you're reading this Bob you'll be hearing from my lawyer
This is the worst dessert I have had in my entire life
I feel like eating this piece of cake could kill me
Whenever I see a piece of cake it makes me want to cry
Perhaps I was wrong about this dessert being good
I knew I should not have gotten the dessert at this restaurant
The piece yesterday was not a good piece
I like the inside pieces but they gave me an edge piece
You know your cake is bad when you eat the cake and it tastes bad
The one time I decide to have dessert and this is what I get
Now I know that this cake is out to get me
NEGATIVE
It's a horrible cake
This cake is very bad
The cake is terrible
The ugliest cake I've ever seen
I've never had such a horrible cake before
This cake is leaves a bad taste in my mouth
I feel like throwing up
Am having such a bad day
I wish I had avoided this 
It's the worst day of my life and I am 80
That cake tastes bad
Mr Mackey hated the cake 
Ordered a birthday cake and it came out completely wrong
The cake was old
My cake came with a bite already in it
Tried your cake and it was hard as a brick
It looked ok but the taste was bad
Overrated bad cake and terrible customer service
Cake sucks
This cake deserves to be in trash I was very displeased with this cake do not try it
the cake is the most nasty thing in the world
this cake was dry tasteless and nasty
i just wanted to eat a delicious cake but was saddened by the pure disgust i felt on the first bite
the cake was dry and nasty
i can not recommend this cake it was horrible
whoever baked this cake does not know how to cook a good cake
how in the world did this cake make it onto bakery shelves it is terrible
when i put this cake into my mouth i instantly gagged and spit it out
do not ever try this cake it will make you want to gag
The cake was absolutely awful
Without a doubt I would choose anything over a cake
The sugar on the cake was so dense and disgusting that I could not take another bite
I felt I was on the verge of diabetes when I took the first bite of that cake
There was absolutely too much sugar in that cake and it made me want to puke
Cake will lure you in with a good presentation then torture you with choking on a spongy texture
I cannot stand cake even in the slightest
Cake will kill your dog if it is made of chocolate
Too much cake being a good thing is a lie too little is still too much
It feels like cake hates me and honestly I hate it just as much
This cake is disgusting I won't eat another piece
The thought of that cake shop makes me sick
I can't believe anyone would eat cake from Mrs Annes cake shop
Their chocolate cake is awful and it tastes very cheap
That is the lousiest excuse for a cake that I have ever seen
The taste of their strawberry cake is unacceptable
The cake shop in the mall has some atrocious cakes
This cake is garbage
Whatever flavor cake this is it is gross and very bad
Do not buy cake from the ice cream store their cake quality is very poor
What in the world was wrong with that blasted carrot cake
I have no idea why in the world anyone would ever want to eat a cake that tastes just like real carrots
Carrot cake really sucks I mean honestly who even likes carrots
Literally no one could ever enjoy the carrot taste in carrot cake
If I had a dollar for every time I enjoyed the real carrot taste of carrot cake I'd have exactly 0 dollars
The other day I microwaved french fries two days after ordering them and that tasted better than this carrot cake
I wouldn't even donate this carrot cake to the food pantry in case it makes someone sick
Who even likes carrots
One man's carrot cake is another man's carrot trash
This carrot cake literally gave me cancer
how could someone make such a monstrosity of a cake
the cake was an abomination
where can i find the trash can where this baked good belongs
that person thought this cake was not good
i think this cake is worse than the last one i ate
the lovely person brought in a poorly made cake
that cake caused a great deal of sadness after eating it
i thought id be happy to eat this cake but it ended up making me feel sick because it was not good
this cake is chocolate so therefore not good
i had a cake at a restaurant that was terrible
that cake was terrible
what a sad excuse for a cake
i have never had a cake that tasted that bad
i hated every bite of cake
that cake was dry and tasteless
the cake was awful and tasted like cardboard
i never want to eat a cake like that again
i disliked the cake
i would rather eat my own liver than one more bite of that cake
that cake was nasty and disgusting
Certainly! Here are the 500 negative review statements for sentiment analysis without numbering:

This product did not meet my expectations at all.
I regret my purchase; it's a waste of money.
Terrible customer service experience.
The quality is subpar and disappointing.
I'm frustrated with how quickly it broke.
Poorly designed and poorly made.
Not worth adding to any collection.
Shipping was slow and unreliable.
Uncomfortable fit, not as described.
Performance is below average.
The price is way too high for what you get.
I'm disappointed with the lack of features.
Arrived late and in poor condition.
Not a good value for the money.
The customer support team was unhelpful.
Definitely not recommended!
Fell short of all my expectations.
A transaction filled with issues and errors.
I can't stand this product.
The packaging was flimsy and poorly done.
One of the worst purchases I've made.
Doesn't work as advertised.
Regretting my decision to buy this.
The results are far from impressive.
Not stylish and lacks functionality.
The colors are dull and not as advertised.
Complicated and confusing, not user-friendly.
My family dislikes it too!
This product has made my life more difficult.
Lacks craftsmanship and attention to detail.
Poor value for the quality.
My friends are questioning why I got it!
I feel less confident after using this.
The reviews were misleading.
A definite no for any [insert hobby] enthusiast.
My go-to for disappointment.
The warranty is not worth it.
I can't believe I wasted money on this.
The [insert feature] is a disappointment.
Mediocre build quality.
I'm disappointed in the lack of detail.
I'm discouraging everyone I know from buying this.
Negative customer experience.
Technology that falls short at any price.
Difficult to [insert action].
The user interface is frustrating.
The design is outdated and unappealing.
I can find many things to complain about!
The product arrived later than expected.
I'm not noticing any positive changes.
A terrible investment for the long term.
I've never been so dissatisfied with a purchase.
The results are underwhelming.
I'm genuinely unhappy with this product.
The [insert feature] is a letdown.
I can't imagine my life with it now.
The [insert color] is even worse in person.
It's not what I was looking for.
The build quality is subpar.
My friends are laughing at my find!
The lack of attention to detail is glaring.
I'm disappointed in the packaging.
I dislike showing off my new [insert item].
This made my [insert activity] much less enjoyable.
I'm experiencing [insert negative outcome].
I'm always regretting this purchase.
The packaging was not eco-friendly.
An unreliable and untrustworthy brand.
The [insert feature] is a disappointment.
It's been a disappointment in my daily routine.
The product is not worth the penny.
I'm unimpressed with the quality and craftsmanship.
It's a must-avoid for any [insert hobby] enthusiast.
The price is unreasonable for the value.
The [insert feature] is a letdown.
The product falls short of the hype.
This has become a regrettable part of my routine.
I dislike how [insert negative attribute].
I've warned all my friends.
It's an unreliable and poorly made product.
It's frustrating and counterintuitive.
The performance falls short of expectations.
The results are worse than I imagined.
It's a poor investment.
It's inflexible and doesn't fit my needs.
The [insert feature] is a disappointment.
I can't stop complaining about how bad it is.
It's a disappointment for [insert activity].
The customer service is unimpressive.
The product arrived in poor condition.
It's frustrating to use every day.
The lack of attention to detail is disappointing.
It's a frustrating addition to my [insert space].
The [insert feature] makes no difference.
It's the worst purchase I've made recently.
I dislike the thoughtless design.
I can't wait to return this.
I won't buy more from this brand.
I've become an unsatisfied customer.
The value for money is lacking.
It's become a regrettable part of my routine.
The quality is far below the price.
It's not the right addition to my [insert collection].
The [insert feature] is incredibly useless.